# Data-Science-Practicum-1-2052a-Rules-Web-Scraping-
FR 2052a reporting is a requirement for large complex banking institutions to communicate the strength of their liquidity coverage to the Federal Reserve Bank, in an effort to not disrupt the global banking system.  Large banking institutions such as the bank I currently am employed at are required to submit this report either monthly or daily based on the complexity of a banks operations; this relates to the whole concept of Globally Systematically Important Banks or GSIBs.   Currently the institution that I work at uses a PFD and reads through the 2052a rules to correctly map portions of our balance sheet to the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and more broadly to the 2052a submission which covers a banking institutions entire balance sheet.  This leaves a lot of room for human error; and if rules change for an example if an update is made and the banking institution is relying on mapping based on an old set of rules.  Errors of this nature can result in findings from the FRB including costly and time-consuming remediation plans.  This project will point to the most recent set of rules from the Federal Reserve bank.  The goal is to scrape the tables for all of the 2052a/LCR rules; and eventually create an interface with logic around rules for correct assignment and classification is assigned and mapped to banking specifically my banking institutions balance sheet.  This can be accomplished by  Data Science Task: This project would involve classification, identifying the appropriate rules for an organization’s balance sheet. Data Analysis: In terms of data, the document is a PDF located on the Federal Reserve’s website.  They point to the most recent rules in a hyperlink as shown below, and is easily accessed at https://www.federalreserve.gov/apps/reportforms/reportdetail.aspx?sOoYJ+5BzDbpqbklRe3/1zdGfyNn/SeV:
